samples: matter: Changed window covering to be SED by default (#28678)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter samples
--------------

* Updated:

  * The :ref:`matter_window_covering_sample` sample to use the Thread Sleepy End Device (SED) device type by default.

>     The Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) device type can now be enabled as an optional feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can now enable the Thread Synchronized Sleepy End Device (SSED) device type as an optional feature.
```
